hgs-model/README.md, before:

3D model of the Handheld Ground Station.

Helical Antenna Segment:
	This antenna is designed to be 100mm on it's longest axis (height).
	It is designed to be printed standing up, with the peg at the top.

	Four of these segments make up a single antenna.

	Works fine with 20% infill, but increasing the wall thickness is recommended,
	especially to fill the pegs.

	Models were originally created with Solidworks. .SLDPRT files, and exported .STL files will live here.
	When modifying .sldprt files, make sure to save a copy as .stl as well for printing.

	Dimensions:
		Diameter 39.5mm
		Body Length 93mm
		Peg Length 7mm
		Peg Width 20mm
		Alignment Peg Width 4mm
		Peg Hole Extra Clearance 0.5mm

Backplane:
	Backplane for the antenna, other components attach to it as well.

	Dimensions:
		Minimum Diameter 92mm
		Using 100mm

Raspberry Pi Zero:
	Model by Anathae
	Link: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1612021

Atheros AR9271:
	Dimensions:
		Width 17mm
		Length 35.1mm

Phone Holder:
	Three part device that hangs off the backplane to hold the phone.
	Consists of one base, two identical clamps that can be adjusted on the base for different phone sizes.
	Designed to hold the phone in a landscape orientation.

	Dimensions:
		Base 60mm x 100mm x 10mm
		Attachment holes:
			Hole Diameter: 4mm
			Row Spacing: 10mm
			Row to Row Distance: 50mm
		Clamps 20mm x 25mm x 100mm (designed to hold max 15mm thick phones)

		Spacers: 10mm x 10mm x 60mm

Handle:
	Single handle under the device for holding, attaches to bottom of backplane.
	Comes in two halves, a top and bottom, for access to battery compartment and printing on smaller printers.
	(When modifying, all edits applied to full model, and modifications should be applied before the split.)

	Dimensions:
		Attachment holes:
			Diameter: 4mm
			Spacing: 20mm

Fasteners:
	Using #4 screws and nuts as standard fasteners.
		Model dimensions for insets and holes: (added clearances to account for printing inaccuracies)
			Hole diamaeter: 3.2mm
			Nut/head height: 2.5mm
			Flat to flat width: 6.5mm
			Corner to corner: 7.5mm

Commit message:

Handle: suppressed features, shortened handle (reverting to no battery)
Suppressed USB slot
Suppressed battery compartment
Shortened handle back to previous length for more solid assembly
Made bolt holes slightly larger
Chamfered bolt head insets for printing
Filleted handle top corners

hgs-model/README.md, after:

3D model of the Handheld Ground Station.

Helical Antenna Segment:
	This antenna is designed to be 100mm on it's longest axis (height).
	It is designed to be printed standing up, with the peg at the top.

	Four of these segments make up a single antenna.

	Works fine with 20% infill, but increasing the wall thickness is recommended,
	especially to fill the pegs.

	Models were originally created with Solidworks. .SLDPRT files, and exported .STL files will live here.
	When modifying .sldprt files, make sure to save a copy as .stl as well for printing.

	Dimensions:
		Diameter 39.5mm
		Body Length 93mm
		Peg Length 7mm
		Peg Width 20mm
		Alignment Peg Width 4mm
		Peg Hole Extra Clearance 0.5mm

Backplane:
	Backplane for the antenna, other components attach to it as well.

	Dimensions:
		Minimum Diameter 92mm
		Using 100mm

Raspberry Pi Zero:
	Model by Anathae
	Link: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1612021

Atheros AR9271:
	Dimensions:
		Width 17mm
		Length 35.1mm

Phone Holder:
	Three part device that hangs off the backplane to hold the phone.
	Consists of one base, two identical clamps that can be adjusted on the base for different phone sizes.
	Designed to hold the phone in a landscape orientation.

	Dimensions:
		Base 60mm x 100mm x 10mm
		Attachment holes:
			Hole Diameter: 4mm
			Row Spacing: 10mm
			Row to Row Distance: 50mm
		Clamps 20mm x 25mm x 100mm (designed to hold max 15mm thick phones)

		Spacers: 10mm x 10mm x 60mm

Handle:
	Single handle under the device for holding, attaches to bottom of backplane.
	Comes in two halves, a top and bottom, for access to battery compartment and printing on smaller printers.
	(When modifying, all edits applied to full model, and modifications should be applied before the split. After saving main handle file, open split parts, File/Reload and rebuild them to update them to reflact the changes in the main model.)

	Dimensions:
		Attachment holes:
			Diameter: 4mm
			Spacing: 20mm

Fasteners:
	Using #4 screws and nuts as standard fasteners.
		Model dimensions for insets and holes: (added clearances to account for printing inaccuracies)
			Hole diamaeter: 3.2mm
			Nut/head height: 2.5mm
			Flat to flat width: 6.5mm (use 6.5-7mm for insets)
			Corner to corner: 7.5mm
